# 06 Ponder : Weekly Reflection

1. Describe how multithreading works.
It works by running new processes on different instances than the main process. This means that the system
can execute more than a task at the time, with out stopping.


2. What is the difference between sublcassing Thread and implementing Runnable?
Subclassing means that I will have to instantiate more objects, in which case, I will have more subclasses of the
Thread object running. This means, more memory usage.
On the other hand, implementing runnable is more economic, since I'm just implementing the Runnable interfece in any given
class I'm using. This means, a lot less of memory usage than in the previous case.


3. What was one of the most difficult challenges your team faced working on the multithreading assignment?
We couldn't solve the stretch challenge.


4. After completing the assignments this week, what questions do you still have?
About deserializing object with composed elements. I mean, with values of different data types.


5. A common Android-related interview question is "If you need to update the GUI from a background thread, how can you accomplish this?". How would you answer that question?
I would use the RunOnIUThread method.


6. How would you explain to a new developer what a software design pattern is?
They are maps or template about how to design and build programs.


7. Give an example of when you would use the Strategy pattern other than the examples given in the reading.
Electrical energy production. The user does not care how the energy is produced, as long as he receive it in his or her
house. Such energy could be produced using the wind, nuclear procedures, geotermal origins, and others.


8. Of all of the resources and tutorials in this week's assignments, which was the _most_ helpful to you and why?
https://sourcemaking.com/
Sistematic, clear explanations. Also, it has a side site that develops even more and with more examples the
design patterns.


9. Of all of the resources and tutorials in this week's assignments, which was the _least_ helpful to you and why?
https://developer.android.com/guide/components/processes-and-threads.html?authuser=1
It has a not friendly beginner developer explanation.


10. How many hours did you spend on this class this week?

06 Prepare - 5
06 Teach - 4
06 Prove - 12
06 Ponder - 1
----------------------------
Total Hours - 22

