# 02 Ponder : Weekly Reflection

1. Describe one challenge your team experienced working on the Vacation Calendar activity.
We did a Vacation Calculator. Not much happened.

2. For the Game of Life assignment, what advantages do you see in using interfaces to define creature behaviors, rather than subclasses?
Because I can define behaviours that are common to non-family related classes.

3. Did you complete the Stretch Challenge for the Game of Life Assignment? If so, briefly describe what you did, and how you structured your code.
Yes, I did. I created a Zombie Hunter class that moves diagonally and randomly over the map, one step at the time. There's only one ZH in the game.
He has 100 points of life. He kills zombies, and wolves. They can hurt him, and even kill him. He can recover health from the plants, though
when doing so he could kill them. At the end of the game sometimes he survives, sometimes he doesn't.
The ZombieHunter inherits from the Creature class, and implements Aggresive and Movable interfaces.

4. What did you learn from comparing your code to the teacher's solution?
Teacher forgot to do the Stretch Challenge. His codes was way simpler than mine. I can use enums when I have to choose from many options in
a condition.


5. After completing the assignments this week, what questions do you still have?
I would like to work over UML diagrams. So I could understand more about the relationship of classes. Is there an add-on from IntellIJ toshow those relationships?


6. If you were getting paid to work on this week's Prove assignment and you had another month to work on it, what would you add?
I would add more interactions between the current classes.


7. A common Java interview question is "describe the difference between an interface and an abstract class". How would you answer that question?
Interface only describes behaviour. Abstract classes act as regular classes, though they cannot be instantiated (or used, let's say). They're more like an idea of something, and 
they never can be any something.


8. Of all of the resources in this week's Preparation assignment, which was the _most_ helpful to you and why?
Not sure. Mayble the examples from TutorialsPoint.


9. Of all of the resources in this week's Preparation assignment, which was the _least_ helpful to you and why?
Not sure.


10. How many hours did you spend on this class this week?

02 Prepare - 5
02 Teach - 5
02 Prove 1st Attempt - 10
02 Prove 2nd Attempt - 0
02 Ponder - 1
----------------------------
Total Hours - 21

